WIP: doc: add metrics_reference page to provide detailed description of ea… (#124)
tarantool/metrics: doc/monitoring/metrics_reference.rst

.. _metrics-metrics-reference:

===============================================================================
Metrics reference
===============================================================================

This page provides detailed description of each Tarantool metrics.

-------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Network general
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Network activity stats.

``tnt_net_sent_total`` - bytes sent from this instance over network since instance start

> ``tnt_net_received_total`` - bytes this instance received since instance start

Reviewer: ```suggestion
``tnt_net_received_total`` - bytes this instance has received since instance start
```

``tnt_net_connections_total`` - number of incoming network connections since instance start

``tnt_net_connections_current`` - number of active network connections

> ``tnt_net_requests_total`` - nubmer of network requests this instance have handled since instance start

Reviewer: ```suggestion
``tnt_net_requests_total`` - nubmer of network requests this instance has handled since instance start
```

-------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Operations
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------

> Number of iproto requests this instance have processed, aggregated by request type. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Number of iproto requests this instance has processed, aggregated by request type. 
```

E.g. requests made from Java client.

> Two types of metrics provided for each request type:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Two types of metrics are provided for each request type:
```

* ``tnt_stats_op_total`` - total number of calls since server start
* ``tnt_stats_op_rps`` - number of calls for the last 5 seconds

> Each metric have ``operation`` label to be able to distinguish different request types, e.g.:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Each metric has ``operation`` label in order to distinguish among different request types, e.g.:
```

.. code-block:: none

    tnt_stat_op_total{operation="select"} 10

> which means that there were 10 ``select`` calls since server start.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
which means that there has been 10 ``select`` calls since server start.
```

``tnt_slab_items_size`` - is the total amount of memory used only for tuples, no indexes

Memory usage, bytes:

``tnt_slab_quota_used`` - is the amount of memory that is already distributed to the slab allocator

``tnt_slab_arena_used`` - is the efficient memory used for storing tuples and indexes together (omitting allocated, but currently free slabs)

``tnt_slab_items_used`` - is the efficient amount of memory (omitting allocated, but currently free slabs) used only for tuples, no indexes

Memory utilization, %:

``tnt_slab_quota_used_ratio`` - tnt_slab_quota_used / tnt_slab_quota_size

``tnt_slab_arena_used_ratio`` - tnt_slab_arena_used / tnt_slab_arena_used

``tnt_slab_items_used_ratio`` - tnt_slab_items_used / tnt_slab_items_size

-------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Memory Lua
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------

-------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Spaces
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------

``tnt_space_len`` - number of records in space. 

> Thi metric always have 2 labels - ``{name="test", engine="memtx"}``. ``name`` - the name of the space,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This metric always has 2 labels - ``{name="test", engine="memtx"}``. ``name`` - the name of the space,
```

``engine`` - is the engine of the space.

``tnt_space_bsize`` - the total number of bytes in all tuples. 

> This metric always have 2 labels - ``{name="test", engine="memtx"}``. ``name`` - the name of the space,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This metric always has 2 labels - ``{name="test", engine="memtx"}``. ``name`` - the name of the space,
```

``engine`` - is the engine of the space.

``tnt_space_index_bsize`` - the total number of bytes taken by the index. 

> This metric always have 2 labels - ``{name="test", index_name="pk"}``. ``name`` - the name of the space,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This metric always has 2 labels - ``{name="test", index_name="pk"}``. ``name`` - the name of the space,
```

``index_name`` - is the name of the index.

``tnt_space_total_bsize`` - the total size of tuples and all indexes in space. 

> This metric always have 2 labels - ``{name="test", engine="memtx"}``. ``name`` - the name of the space,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This metric always has 2 labels - ``{name="test", engine="memtx"}``. ``name`` - the name of the space,
```
